CERT-8524 - better description of rule patterns (#370)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/cli/options.md

cause a specific rule to fail; in the process of fixing the code, updating the
rule, and understanding counterexamples, you likely want to verify only that
specific rule.
You can specify this flag multiple times to filter in several rules or rule patterns.

**Rule Name Pattern**

> Rule name, like all CVL identifiers, has the same format as Solidity identifiers, combinations of letters, digits, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rule names, like all CVL identifiers, have the same format as Solidity identifiers: they consist of a combination of letters, digits, 
```
1. Plural, just like solidity identifiers.
2. Added colon to improve sentence structure

> dollar signs and underscores, but cannot start with a letter (see [here](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.16/path-resolution.html#allowed-paths)).

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by "but cannot start with a letter"

Author: oops, digit
